# CS340
SNHU CS340
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
  To write code that is readable you need to follow convention for naming methods/classes/funcitons/variables.  The names should make the purpose clear to someone else reading through the code.  To make it maintainable you need to avoid redundant code by making a callable function for anything that may be used more than once.  You also need to avoid hardcoding in any values for anything that may need to change in the future.  These should instead be set as variables and listed near the top lines of code for the scope of that variable.  This makes changes far easier to implement.  Also clear commenting is important for maintainability. 
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? I attempted to approach them systematically. Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?  My approach was very similar to prior projects.  Work through the bulleted requirements to ensure they are all met.  Searching online to ensure I am providing good quality work that is not known to be problematic.  The databases creation using mongo DB was fairly straight forward in the future I may try different products if there are particular requirements that another solution may accomplish better.  
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?  Computer scientists use computers to automate or simplify tasks that are prone to error or too time consuming when accomplished manually. The work on this project makes finding the appropriate rescues from a shelter that would likely excell in rescue training much easier than if the company was trying to manually look through all dogs available for adoption. 
